Add 1.13 release blog (#1422)
kyverno/website: content/en/blog/releases/1-13-0/index.md

### API Version Management

Kyverno 1.13 introduces new changes in the policy CRDs:

* Both Policy Exceptions and Cleanup Policies have graduated to a stable version (v2).
* Several policy settings are deprecated:
  * spec.validationFailureAction
  * spec.validationFailureActionOverrides
  * spec.mutateExistingOnPolicyUpdate
  * spec.generateExisting

* These are replaced by more granular controls within the rule itself: 
  * spec.rules[*].validate.failureAction
  * spec.rules[*].validate.failureActionOverrides
  * spec.rules[*].verifyImages[*].failureAction
  * spec.rules[*].mutate.mutateExisting
  * spec.rules[*].generate.generateExisting

Note that the deprecated fields will be removed in a future release, so migration to the new settings is recommended.

## Conclusion

Kyverno 1.13 promises to be a great release, with many new features, enhancements, and fixes. To get started with Kyverno try the [quick start guides](https://kyverno.io/docs/introduction/quick-start/) or head to the [installation](https://kyverno.io/docs/installation/methods/) section of the docs.

> To get the most value out of Kyverno, and check out the Nirmata Policy Manager solution!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the most value out of Kyverno, and check out the [available enterprise solutions](/support))!
```
